Added release notes (#99)
BlueBrain/BlueGraph: docs/source/releases/v0.1.6.rst

====================

> vO.1.5 Release Notes

Reviewer: v0.1.6

====================

> This release focuses on several BlueGraph's dependecy issue, implements several bugfixes and adds new features to the :code:`bluegraph.downstream.similarity` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release focuses on several BlueGraph's dependency issues, fixes several bugs and adds new features to the :code:`bluegraph.downstream.similarity` module.
```

> This release focuses on several BlueGraph's dependecy issue, implements several bugfixes and adds new features to the :code:`bluegraph.downstream.similarity` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release focuses on several BlueGraph's dependency issues, fixes several bugs and adds new features to the :code:`bluegraph.downstream.similarity` module.
```
